# -About-Us-Q1-Hospitals
 Q1 Hospitals is a brain child promoted by reputed Joint Replacement Surgeon Dr. Ramana Murthy Tamminana, with an intend to setup a first ever surgical specialty hospital in the coastal Andhra Pradesh providing Quality and finest Health care services that is accessible and affordable. 7 State of Art Laminar Flow Modular Operation Theaters, Ultra-Modern Surgical Intensive Care Units defines us remarkable. Q1 stands for advancing the “Quality and Quick” healthcare services by facilitating total patient satisfaction through effective internal process controls. Our modern infrastructural advancements foster the service steadiness and effective performance to meet the growing future needs at reliable and affordable cost.  Our integrated health care system is dedicated to evidence-based, patient-centered medicine and patient safety. We strive to enhance the patient experience by providing the improved healthcare services with an advanced framework of expertise doctors, supportive diagnostic services and a human touch. Quality checks and safety concerns enable and escalate our patient experience objective.  Our imbued urge to provide 24 hours services to all surgical intervention enable us to foresee availability of expertise round the clock. We are operating with 100 beds with well-versed Surgeons, Physicians and Specialist in the Departments of Orthopaedics and Traumatology, Neuro Sciences and Neuro Surgery, General &amp; Laparoscopic Surgery, Urology, ENT, Gynecology and Obstetrics, Anesthesiology and Critical Care, Emergency Medicine, Plastic Surgery, Dermatology, Dentistry &amp; Maxillofacial Surgery, Endocrinology, Gastroenterology, Diagnostic Radiology, Diagnostic Biochemistry &amp; Microbiology, Physiotherapy Rehabilitation and Dietary Services.  are well known in the state of Andhra Pradesh for operating Advanced Joint Surgeries &amp; high-end Super Specialty Surgeries like Endoscopic, Laparoscopic, Arthroscopic Procedures, Bariatric and Cosmetic Surgeries. We possess high end Diagnostic facilities with latest technological interventions accelerate access to undergo immediate intercession.
